In this project, you will build a React web application called Jammming. You will use your knowledge of React components, passing state, and requests with the Spotify API to build a website that allows users to search the Spotify library, create a custom playlist, then save it to their Spotify account.

Example Project /Users/liorpardo/Downloads/jammming-project-solution-v18 2
A preview of the Jammming project. A user looks up the name of an artist and adds songs fetched from the Spotify API to a playlist in the Jammming app.
https://static-assets.codecademy.com/Courses/react/projects/previews/jamming-project-four-three-preview.gif

Project Requirements
Build a web app using React
Version control your application with Git and host the repository on GitHub
Integrate with Spotify or another API
Deploy your application
Write a README (using Markdown) that documents your project, including:
The purpose of your project
Technologies used
Features
Future work
Features:
Users can search for songs by song title.
You can also include functionality to search by other attributes like artist’s name, genre, etc.
Users can see information about each song like title, artist, and album for songs they queried
You can also include other information – the design is up to you
Users can export their custom playlist to their personal Spotify account
Prerequisites:
HTML
CSS
JavaScript
React
HTTP Requests and Responses
Authentication

Going Off Platform
You will be doing this project outside of the Codecademy platform, on your own computer.

For this particular project, you will be using your own text editor (we suggest VS Code) and Git version control. If you need help setting up your text editor, read our article about setting up a text editor for web development. If you need a refresher on how to work with Git for version control, review the Git lesson or look at this cheat sheet.

APIs
We’ve noticed that some learners outside of the United States are unable to create a Spotify account. You are welcome to use any API you want that supports GET and POST requests. Other APIs can be found on this page or this page. If you are using an alternate API, you’ll need to adjust the following steps:

Obtain a Spotify Access Token
Implement Spotify Search Request
Save a User’s Playlist

https://rapidapi.com/blog/top-free-music-data-apis/
